counter is 1
88 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 2
5 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 3
counter is 4
1006 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 5
38 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 6
counter is 7
counter is 8
839 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 9
11 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 10
counter is 11
counter is 12
527 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 13
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 14
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 15
counter is 16
1216 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 17
100 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 18
5 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 19
counter is 20
1004 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 21
39 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 22
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 23
counter is 24
846 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 25
10 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 26
counter is 27
counter is 28
523 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 29
counter is 30
counter is 31
counter is 32
1221 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 33
88 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 34
5 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 35
counter is 36
1006 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 37
38 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 38
counter is 39
counter is 40
839 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 41
11 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 42
counter is 43
counter is 44
527 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 45
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 46
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 47
counter is 48
1216 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 49
100 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 50
5 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 51
counter is 52
1004 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 53
39 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 54
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 55
counter is 56
846 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 57
10 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 58
counter is 59
counter is 60
523 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 61
counter is 62
counter is 63
counter is 64
1221 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 65
88 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 66
5 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 67
counter is 68
1006 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 69
38 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 70
counter is 71
counter is 72
839 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 73
11 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 74
counter is 75
counter is 76
527 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 77
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 78
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 79
counter is 80
1216 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 81
100 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 82
5 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 83
counter is 84
1004 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 85
39 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 86
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 87
counter is 88
846 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 89
10 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 90
counter is 91
counter is 92
523 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 93
counter is 94
counter is 95
counter is 96
1449 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 97
213 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 98
29 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 99
counter is 100
1143 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 101
86 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 102
6 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 103
counter is 104
912 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 105
36 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 106
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 107
counter is 108
545 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 109
2 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 110
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 111
counter is 112
1451 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 113
226 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 114
21 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 115
counter is 116
1124 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 117
97 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 118
6 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 119
counter is 120
928 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 121
28 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 122
counter is 123
counter is 124
537 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 125
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 126
counter is 127
counter is 128
1449 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 129
213 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 130
29 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 131
counter is 132
1143 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 133
86 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 134
6 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 135
counter is 136
912 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 137
36 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 138
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 139
counter is 140
545 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 141
2 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 142
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 143
counter is 144
1451 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 145
226 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 146
21 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 147
counter is 148
1124 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 149
97 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 150
6 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 151
counter is 152
928 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 153
28 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 154
counter is 155
counter is 156
537 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 157
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 158
counter is 159
counter is 160
1449 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 161
213 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 162
29 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 163
counter is 164
1143 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 165
86 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 166
6 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 167
counter is 168
912 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 169
36 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 170
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 171
counter is 172
545 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 173
2 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 174
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 175
counter is 176
1451 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 177
226 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 178
21 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 179
counter is 180
1124 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 181
97 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 182
6 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 183
counter is 184
928 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 185
28 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 186
counter is 187
counter is 188
537 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 189
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 190
counter is 191
counter is 192
2537 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 193
1062 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 194
336 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 195
counter is 196
1704 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 197
404 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 198
58 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 199
counter is 200
1218 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 201
157 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 202
13 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 203
counter is 204
608 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 205
14 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 206
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 207
counter is 208
2526 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 209
1097 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 210
310 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 211
counter is 212
1648 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 213
415 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 214
63 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 215
counter is 216
1228 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 217
175 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 218
8 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 219
counter is 220
596 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 221
20 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 222
counter is 223
counter is 224
2537 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 225
1062 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 226
336 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 227
counter is 228
1704 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 229
404 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 230
58 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 231
counter is 232
1218 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 233
157 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 234
13 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 235
counter is 236
608 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 237
14 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 238
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 239
counter is 240
2526 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 241
1097 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 242
310 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 243
counter is 244
1648 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 245
415 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 246
63 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 247
counter is 248
1228 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 249
175 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 250
8 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 251
counter is 252
596 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 253
20 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 254
counter is 255
counter is 256
2537 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 257
1062 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 258
336 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 259
counter is 260
1704 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 261
404 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 262
58 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 263
counter is 264
1218 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 265
157 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 266
13 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 267
counter is 268
608 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 269
14 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 270
1 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 271
counter is 272
2526 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 273
1097 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 274
310 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 275
counter is 276
1648 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 277
415 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 278
63 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 279
counter is 280
1228 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 281
175 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 282
8 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 283
counter is 284
596 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 285
20 ret_rank_hold_winners
counter is 286
counter is 287
counter is 288
1227 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 289
108 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 290
11 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 291
counter is 292
1016 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 293
31 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 294
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 295
counter is 296
830 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 297
7 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 298
counter is 299
counter is 300
531 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 301
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 302
counter is 303
counter is 304
1204 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 305
119 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 306
12 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 307
counter is 308
1025 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 309
33 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 310
3 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 311
counter is 312
840 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 313
9 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 314
counter is 315
counter is 316
533 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 317
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 318
counter is 319
counter is 320
1227 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 321
108 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 322
11 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 323
counter is 324
1016 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 325
31 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 326
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 327
counter is 328
830 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 329
7 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 330
counter is 331
counter is 332
531 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 333
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 334
counter is 335
counter is 336
1204 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 337
119 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 338
12 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 339
counter is 340
1025 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 341
33 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 342
3 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 343
counter is 344
840 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 345
9 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 346
counter is 347
counter is 348
533 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 349
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 350
counter is 351
counter is 352
1227 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 353
108 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 354
11 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 355
counter is 356
1016 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 357
31 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 358
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 359
counter is 360
830 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 361
7 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 362
counter is 363
counter is 364
531 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 365
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 366
counter is 367
counter is 368
1204 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 369
119 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 370
12 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 371
counter is 372
1025 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 373
33 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 374
3 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 375
counter is 376
840 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 377
9 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 378
counter is 379
counter is 380
533 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 381
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 382
counter is 383
counter is 384
1471 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 385
236 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 386
36 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 387
counter is 388
1170 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 389
75 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 390
6 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 391
counter is 392
908 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 393
24 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 394
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 395
counter is 396
544 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 397
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 398
counter is 399
counter is 400
1457 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 401
250 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 402
27 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 403
counter is 404
1139 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 405
90 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 406
7 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 407
counter is 408
924 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 409
33 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 410
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 411
counter is 412
546 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 413
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 414
counter is 415
counter is 416
1471 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 417
236 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 418
36 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 419
counter is 420
1170 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 421
75 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 422
6 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 423
counter is 424
908 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 425
24 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 426
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 427
counter is 428
544 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 429
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 430
counter is 431
counter is 432
1457 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 433
250 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 434
27 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 435
counter is 436
1139 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 437
90 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 438
7 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 439
counter is 440
924 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 441
33 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 442
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 443
counter is 444
546 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 445
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 446
counter is 447
counter is 448
1471 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 449
236 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 450
36 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 451
counter is 452
1170 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 453
75 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 454
6 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 455
counter is 456
908 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 457
24 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 458
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 459
counter is 460
544 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 461
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 462
counter is 463
counter is 464
1457 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 465
250 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 466
27 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 467
counter is 468
1139 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 469
90 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 470
7 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 471
counter is 472
924 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 473
33 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 474
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 475
counter is 476
546 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 477
2 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 478
counter is 479
counter is 480
2545 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 481
1119 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 482
324 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 483
counter is 484
1719 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 485
413 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 486
56 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 487
counter is 488
1240 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 489
162 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 490
11 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 491
counter is 492
633 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 493
24 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 494
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 495
counter is 496
2540 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 497
1118 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 498
278 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 499
counter is 500
1674 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 501
429 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 502
59 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 503
counter is 504
1221 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 505
161 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 506
8 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 507
counter is 508
630 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 509
25 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 510
counter is 511
counter is 512
2545 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 513
1119 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 514
324 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 515
counter is 516
1719 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 517
413 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 518
56 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 519
counter is 520
1240 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 521
162 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 522
11 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 523
counter is 524
633 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 525
24 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 526
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 527
counter is 528
2540 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 529
1118 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 530
278 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 531
counter is 532
1674 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 533
429 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 534
59 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 535
counter is 536
1221 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 537
161 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 538
8 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 539
counter is 540
630 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 541
25 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 542
counter is 543
counter is 544
2545 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 545
1119 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 546
324 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 547
counter is 548
1719 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 549
413 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 550
56 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 551
counter is 552
1240 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 553
162 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 554
11 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 555
counter is 556
633 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 557
24 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 558
1 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 559
counter is 560
2540 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 561
1118 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 562
278 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 563
counter is 564
1674 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 565
429 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 566
59 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 567
counter is 568
1221 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 569
161 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 570
8 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 571
counter is 572
630 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 573
25 sharpe_rank_hold_winners
counter is 574
counter is 575
counter is 576
1227
1227 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 577
108
108 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 578
11
11 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 579
0
counter is 580
1016
1016 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 581
31
31 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 582
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 583
0
counter is 584
830
830 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 585
7
7 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 586
0
counter is 587
0
counter is 588
531
531 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 589
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 590
0
counter is 591
0
counter is 592
1204
1204 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 593
119
119 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 594
12
12 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 595
0
counter is 596
1025
1025 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 597
33
33 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 598
3
3 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 599
0
counter is 600
840
840 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 601
9
9 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 602
0
counter is 603
0
counter is 604
533
533 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 605
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 606
0
counter is 607
0
counter is 608
1227
1227 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 609
108
108 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 610
11
11 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 611
0
counter is 612
1016
1016 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 613
31
31 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 614
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 615
0
counter is 616
830
830 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 617
7
7 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 618
0
counter is 619
0
counter is 620
531
531 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 621
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 622
0
counter is 623
0
counter is 624
1204
1204 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 625
119
119 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 626
12
12 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 627
0
counter is 628
1025
1025 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 629
33
33 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 630
3
3 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 631
0
counter is 632
840
840 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 633
9
9 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 634
0
counter is 635
0
counter is 636
533
533 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 637
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 638
0
counter is 639
0
counter is 640
1227
1227 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 641
108
108 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 642
11
11 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 643
0
counter is 644
1016
1016 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 645
31
31 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 646
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 647
0
counter is 648
830
830 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 649
7
7 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 650
0
counter is 651
0
counter is 652
531
531 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 653
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 654
0
counter is 655
0
counter is 656
1204
1204 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 657
119
119 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 658
12
12 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 659
0
counter is 660
1025
1025 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 661
33
33 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 662
3
3 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 663
0
counter is 664
840
840 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 665
9
9 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 666
0
counter is 667
0
counter is 668
533
533 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 669
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 670
0
counter is 671
0
counter is 672
1471
1471 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 673
236
236 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 674
36
36 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 675
0
counter is 676
1170
1170 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 677
75
75 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 678
6
6 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 679
0
counter is 680
908
908 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 681
24
24 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 682
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 683
0
counter is 684
544
544 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 685
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 686
0
counter is 687
0
counter is 688
1457
1457 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 689
250
250 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 690
27
27 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 691
0
counter is 692
1139
1139 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 693
90
90 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 694
7
7 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 695
0
counter is 696
924
924 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 697
33
33 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 698
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 699
0
counter is 700
546
546 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 701
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 702
0
counter is 703
0
counter is 704
1471
1471 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 705
236
236 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 706
36
36 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 707
0
counter is 708
1170
1170 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 709
75
75 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 710
6
6 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 711
0
counter is 712
908
908 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 713
24
24 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 714
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 715
0
counter is 716
544
544 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 717
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 718
0
counter is 719
0
counter is 720
1457
1457 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 721
250
250 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 722
27
27 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 723
0
counter is 724
1139
1139 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 725
90
90 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 726
7
7 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 727
0
counter is 728
924
924 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 729
33
33 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 730
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 731
0
counter is 732
546
546 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 733
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 734
0
counter is 735
0
counter is 736
1471
1471 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 737
236
236 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 738
36
36 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 739
0
counter is 740
1170
1170 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 741
75
75 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 742
6
6 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 743
0
counter is 744
908
908 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 745
24
24 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 746
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 747
0
counter is 748
544
544 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 749
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 750
0
counter is 751
0
counter is 752
1457
1457 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 753
250
250 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 754
27
27 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 755
0
counter is 756
1139
1139 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 757
90
90 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 758
7
7 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 759
0
counter is 760
924
924 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 761
33
33 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 762
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 763
0
counter is 764
546
546 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 765
2
2 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 766
0
counter is 767
0
counter is 768
2545
2545 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 769
1119
1119 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 770
324
324 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 771
0
counter is 772
1719
1719 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 773
413
413 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 774
56
56 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 775
0
counter is 776
1240
1240 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 777
162
162 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 778
11
11 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 779
0
counter is 780
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 781
24
24 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 782
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 783
0
counter is 784
2540
2540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 785
1118
1118 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 786
278
278 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 787
0
counter is 788
1674
1674 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 789
429
429 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 790
59
59 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 791
0
counter is 792
1221
1221 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 793
161
161 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 794
8
8 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 795
0
counter is 796
630
630 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 797
25
25 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 798
0
counter is 799
0
counter is 800
2545
2545 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 801
1119
1119 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 802
324
324 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 803
0
counter is 804
1719
1719 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 805
413
413 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 806
56
56 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 807
0
counter is 808
1240
1240 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 809
162
162 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 810
11
11 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 811
0
counter is 812
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 813
24
24 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 814
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 815
0
counter is 816
2540
2540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 817
1118
1118 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 818
278
278 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 819
0
counter is 820
1674
1674 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 821
429
429 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 822
59
59 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 823
0
counter is 824
1221
1221 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 825
161
161 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 826
8
8 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 827
0
counter is 828
630
630 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 829
25
25 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 830
0
counter is 831
0
counter is 832
2545
2545 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 833
1119
1119 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 834
324
324 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 835
0
counter is 836
1719
1719 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 837
413
413 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 838
56
56 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 839
0
counter is 840
1240
1240 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 841
162
162 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 842
11
11 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 843
0
counter is 844
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 845
24
24 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 846
1
1 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 847
0
counter is 848
2540
2540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 849
1118
1118 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 850
278
278 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 851
0
counter is 852
1674
1674 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 853
429
429 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 854
59
59 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 855
0
counter is 856
1221
1221 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 857
161
161 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 858
8
8 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 859
0
counter is 860
630
630 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 861
25
25 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell_symmetric
counter is 862
0
counter is 863
0
counter is 864
2431 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 865
227 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 866
23 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 867
counter is 868
2041 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 869
64 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 870
5 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 871
counter is 872
1670 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 873
16 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 874
counter is 875
counter is 876
1064 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 877
3 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 878
counter is 879
counter is 880
2431 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 881
227 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 882
23 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 883
counter is 884
2041 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 885
64 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 886
5 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 887
counter is 888
1670 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 889
16 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 890
counter is 891
counter is 892
1064 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 893
3 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 894
counter is 895
counter is 896
2431 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 897
227 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 898
23 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 899
counter is 900
2041 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 901
64 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 902
5 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 903
counter is 904
1670 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 905
16 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 906
counter is 907
counter is 908
1064 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 909
3 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 910
counter is 911
counter is 912
2431 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 913
227 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 914
23 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 915
counter is 916
2041 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 917
64 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 918
5 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 919
counter is 920
1670 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 921
16 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 922
counter is 923
counter is 924
1064 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 925
3 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 926
counter is 927
counter is 928
2431 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 929
227 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 930
23 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 931
counter is 932
2041 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 933
64 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 934
5 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 935
counter is 936
1670 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 937
16 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 938
counter is 939
counter is 940
1064 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 941
3 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 942
counter is 943
counter is 944
2431 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 945
227 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 946
23 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 947
counter is 948
2041 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 949
64 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 950
5 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 951
counter is 952
1670 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 953
16 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 954
counter is 955
counter is 956
1064 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 957
3 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 958
counter is 959
counter is 960
2928 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 961
486 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 962
63 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 963
counter is 964
2309 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 965
165 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 966
13 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 967
counter is 968
1832 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 969
57 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 970
2 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 971
counter is 972
1090 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 973
4 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 974
counter is 975
counter is 976
2928 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 977
486 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 978
63 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 979
counter is 980
2309 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 981
165 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 982
13 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 983
counter is 984
1832 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 985
57 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 986
2 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 987
counter is 988
1090 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 989
4 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 990
counter is 991
counter is 992
2928 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 993
486 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 994
63 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 995
counter is 996
2309 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 997
165 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 998
13 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 999
counter is 1000
1832 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1001
57 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1002
2 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1003
counter is 1004
1090 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1005
4 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1006
counter is 1007
counter is 1008
2928 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1009
486 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1010
63 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1011
counter is 1012
2309 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1013
165 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1014
13 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1015
counter is 1016
1832 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1017
57 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1018
2 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1019
counter is 1020
1090 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1021
4 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1022
counter is 1023
counter is 1024
2928 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1025
486 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1026
63 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1027
counter is 1028
2309 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1029
165 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1030
13 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1031
counter is 1032
1832 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1033
57 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1034
2 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1035
counter is 1036
1090 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1037
4 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1038
counter is 1039
counter is 1040
2928 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1041
486 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1042
63 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1043
counter is 1044
2309 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1045
165 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1046
13 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1047
counter is 1048
1832 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1049
57 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1050
2 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1051
counter is 1052
1090 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1053
4 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1054
counter is 1055
counter is 1056
5085 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1057
2237 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1058
602 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1059
counter is 1060
3393 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1061
842 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1062
115 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1063
counter is 1064
2461 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1065
323 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1066
19 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1067
counter is 1068
1263 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1069
49 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1070
1 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1071
counter is 1072
5085 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1073
2237 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1074
602 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1075
counter is 1076
3393 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1077
842 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1078
115 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1079
counter is 1080
2461 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1081
323 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1082
19 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1083
counter is 1084
1263 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1085
49 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1086
1 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1087
counter is 1088
5085 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1089
2237 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1090
602 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1091
counter is 1092
3393 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1093
842 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1094
115 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1095
counter is 1096
2461 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1097
323 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1098
19 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1099
counter is 1100
1263 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1101
49 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1102
1 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1103
counter is 1104
5085 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1105
2237 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1106
602 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1107
counter is 1108
3393 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1109
842 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1110
115 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1111
counter is 1112
2461 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1113
323 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1114
19 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1115
counter is 1116
1263 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1117
49 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1118
1 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1119
counter is 1120
5085 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1121
2237 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1122
602 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1123
counter is 1124
3393 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1125
842 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1126
115 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1127
counter is 1128
2461 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1129
323 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1130
19 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1131
counter is 1132
1263 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1133
49 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1134
1 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1135
counter is 1136
5085 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1137
2237 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1138
602 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1139
counter is 1140
3393 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1141
842 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1142
115 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1143
counter is 1144
2461 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1145
323 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1146
19 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1147
counter is 1148
1263 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1149
49 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1150
1 sharpe_rank_long_short
counter is 1151
counter is 1152
1227
1227 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1153
1157
1157 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1154
1084
1084 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1155
964
964 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1156
1016
1016 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1157
985
985 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1158
943
943 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1159
854
854 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1160
830
830 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1161
819
819 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1162
800
800 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1163
749
749 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1164
531
531 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1165
540
540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1166
538
538 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1167
523
523 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1168
1204
1204 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1169
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1170
350
350 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1171
0
counter is 1172
1025
1025 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1173
445
445 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1174
191
191 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1175
0
counter is 1176
840
840 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1177
261
261 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1178
107
107 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1179
0
counter is 1180
533
533 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1181
90
90 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1182
28
28 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1183
0
counter is 1184
1227
1227 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1185
1157
1157 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1186
1084
1084 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1187
964
964 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1188
1016
1016 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1189
985
985 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1190
943
943 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1191
854
854 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1192
830
830 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1193
819
819 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1194
800
800 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1195
749
749 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1196
531
531 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1197
540
540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1198
538
538 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1199
523
523 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1200
1204
1204 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1201
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1202
350
350 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1203
0
counter is 1204
1025
1025 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1205
445
445 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1206
191
191 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1207
0
counter is 1208
840
840 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1209
261
261 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1210
107
107 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1211
0
counter is 1212
533
533 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1213
90
90 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1214
28
28 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1215
0
counter is 1216
1227
1227 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1217
1157
1157 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1218
1084
1084 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1219
964
964 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1220
1016
1016 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1221
985
985 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1222
943
943 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1223
854
854 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1224
830
830 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1225
819
819 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1226
800
800 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1227
749
749 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1228
531
531 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1229
540
540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1230
538
538 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1231
523
523 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1232
1204
1204 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1233
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1234
350
350 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1235
0
counter is 1236
1025
1025 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1237
445
445 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1238
191
191 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1239
0
counter is 1240
840
840 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1241
261
261 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1242
107
107 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1243
0
counter is 1244
533
533 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1245
90
90 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1246
28
28 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1247
0
counter is 1248
1471
1471 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1249
1396
1396 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1250
1265
1265 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1251
1055
1055 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1252
1170
1170 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1253
1121
1121 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1254
1042
1042 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1255
926
926 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1256
908
908 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1257
877
877 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1258
850
850 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1259
778
778 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1260
544
544 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1261
561
561 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1262
555
555 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1263
529
529 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1264
1457
1457 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1265
876
876 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1266
465
465 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1267
0
counter is 1268
1139
1139 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1269
599
599 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1270
260
260 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1271
0
counter is 1272
924
924 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1273
362
362 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1274
134
134 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1275
0
counter is 1276
546
546 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1277
134
134 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1278
27
27 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1279
0
counter is 1280
1471
1471 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1281
1396
1396 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1282
1265
1265 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1283
1055
1055 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1284
1170
1170 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1285
1121
1121 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1286
1042
1042 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1287
926
926 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1288
908
908 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1289
877
877 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1290
850
850 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1291
778
778 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1292
544
544 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1293
561
561 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1294
555
555 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1295
529
529 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1296
1457
1457 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1297
876
876 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1298
465
465 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1299
0
counter is 1300
1139
1139 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1301
599
599 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1302
260
260 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1303
0
counter is 1304
924
924 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1305
362
362 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1306
134
134 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1307
0
counter is 1308
546
546 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1309
134
134 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1310
27
27 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1311
0
counter is 1312
1471
1471 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1313
1396
1396 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1314
1265
1265 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1315
1055
1055 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1316
1170
1170 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1317
1121
1121 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1318
1042
1042 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1319
926
926 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1320
908
908 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1321
877
877 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1322
850
850 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1323
778
778 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1324
544
544 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1325
561
561 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1326
555
555 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1327
529
529 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1328
1457
1457 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1329
876
876 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1330
465
465 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1331
0
counter is 1332
1139
1139 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1333
599
599 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1334
260
260 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1335
0
counter is 1336
924
924 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1337
362
362 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1338
134
134 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1339
0
counter is 1340
546
546 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1341
134
134 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1342
27
27 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1343
0
counter is 1344
2545
2545 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1345
2402
2402 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1346
2061
2061 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1347
1492
1492 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1348
1719
1719 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1349
1638
1638 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1350
1455
1455 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1351
1159
1159 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1352
1240
1240 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1353
1181
1181 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1354
1102
1102 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1355
901
901 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1356
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1357
677
677 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1358
628
628 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1359
569
569 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1360
2540
2540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1361
1778
1778 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1362
710
710 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1363
0
counter is 1364
1674
1674 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1365
1067
1067 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1366
475
475 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1367
0
counter is 1368
1221
1221 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1369
682
682 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1370
262
262 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1371
0
counter is 1372
630
630 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1373
287
287 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1374
61
61 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1375
0
counter is 1376
2545
2545 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1377
2402
2402 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1378
2061
2061 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1379
1492
1492 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1380
1719
1719 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1381
1638
1638 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1382
1455
1455 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1383
1159
1159 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1384
1240
1240 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1385
1181
1181 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1386
1102
1102 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1387
901
901 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1388
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1389
677
677 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1390
628
628 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1391
569
569 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1392
2540
2540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1393
1778
1778 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1394
710
710 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1395
0
counter is 1396
1674
1674 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1397
1067
1067 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1398
475
475 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1399
0
counter is 1400
1221
1221 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1401
682
682 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1402
262
262 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1403
0
counter is 1404
630
630 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1405
287
287 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1406
61
61 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1407
0
counter is 1408
2545
2545 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1409
2402
2402 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1410
2061
2061 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1411
1492
1492 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1412
1719
1719 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1413
1638
1638 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1414
1455
1455 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1415
1159
1159 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1416
1240
1240 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1417
1181
1181 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1418
1102
1102 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1419
901
901 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1420
633
633 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1421
677
677 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1422
628
628 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1423
569
569 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1424
2540
2540 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1425
1778
1778 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1426
710
710 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1427
0
counter is 1428
1674
1674 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1429
1067
1067 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1430
475
475 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1431
0
counter is 1432
1221
1221 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1433
682
682 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1434
262
262 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1435
0
counter is 1436
630
630 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1437
287
287 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1438
61
61 sharpe_rank_classic_buy_and_sell
counter is 1439
0
counter is 1440
counter is 1441
counter is 1442
counter is 1443
counter is 1444
counter is 1445
counter is 1446
counter is 1447
counter is 1448
counter is 1449
counter is 1450
counter is 1451
counter is 1452
counter is 1453
counter is 1454
counter is 1455
counter is 1456
counter is 1457
counter is 1458
counter is 1459
counter is 1460
counter is 1461
counter is 1462
counter is 1463
counter is 1464
counter is 1465
counter is 1466
counter is 1467
counter is 1468
counter is 1469
counter is 1470
counter is 1471
counter is 1472
counter is 1473
counter is 1474
counter is 1475
counter is 1476
counter is 1477
counter is 1478
counter is 1479
counter is 1480
counter is 1481
counter is 1482
counter is 1483
counter is 1484
counter is 1485
counter is 1486
counter is 1487
counter is 1488
counter is 1489
counter is 1490
counter is 1491
counter is 1492
counter is 1493
counter is 1494
counter is 1495
counter is 1496
counter is 1497
counter is 1498
counter is 1499
counter is 1500
counter is 1501
counter is 1502
counter is 1503
counter is 1504
counter is 1505
counter is 1506
counter is 1507
counter is 1508
counter is 1509
counter is 1510
counter is 1511
counter is 1512
counter is 1513
counter is 1514
counter is 1515
counter is 1516
counter is 1517
counter is 1518
counter is 1519
counter is 1520
counter is 1521
counter is 1522
counter is 1523
counter is 1524
counter is 1525
counter is 1526
counter is 1527
counter is 1528
counter is 1529
counter is 1530
counter is 1531
counter is 1532
counter is 1533
counter is 1534
counter is 1535
counter is 1536
counter is 1537
counter is 1538
counter is 1539
counter is 1540
counter is 1541
counter is 1542
counter is 1543
counter is 1544
counter is 1545
counter is 1546
counter is 1547
counter is 1548
counter is 1549
counter is 1550
counter is 1551
counter is 1552
counter is 1553
counter is 1554
counter is 1555
counter is 1556
counter is 1557
counter is 1558
counter is 1559
counter is 1560
counter is 1561
counter is 1562
counter is 1563
counter is 1564
counter is 1565
counter is 1566
counter is 1567
counter is 1568
counter is 1569
counter is 1570
counter is 1571
counter is 1572
counter is 1573
counter is 1574
counter is 1575
counter is 1576
counter is 1577
counter is 1578
counter is 1579
counter is 1580
counter is 1581
counter is 1582
counter is 1583
counter is 1584
counter is 1585
counter is 1586
counter is 1587
counter is 1588
counter is 1589
counter is 1590
counter is 1591
counter is 1592
counter is 1593
counter is 1594
counter is 1595
counter is 1596
counter is 1597
counter is 1598
counter is 1599
counter is 1600
counter is 1601
counter is 1602
counter is 1603
counter is 1604
counter is 1605
counter is 1606
counter is 1607
counter is 1608
counter is 1609
counter is 1610
counter is 1611
counter is 1612
counter is 1613
counter is 1614
counter is 1615
counter is 1616
counter is 1617
counter is 1618
counter is 1619
counter is 1620
counter is 1621
counter is 1622
counter is 1623
counter is 1624
counter is 1625
counter is 1626
counter is 1627
counter is 1628
counter is 1629
counter is 1630
counter is 1631
counter is 1632
counter is 1633
counter is 1634
counter is 1635
counter is 1636
counter is 1637
counter is 1638
counter is 1639
counter is 1640
counter is 1641
counter is 1642
counter is 1643
counter is 1644
counter is 1645
counter is 1646
counter is 1647
counter is 1648
counter is 1649
counter is 1650
counter is 1651
counter is 1652
counter is 1653
counter is 1654
counter is 1655
counter is 1656
counter is 1657
counter is 1658
counter is 1659
counter is 1660
counter is 1661
counter is 1662
counter is 1663
counter is 1664
counter is 1665
counter is 1666
counter is 1667
counter is 1668
counter is 1669
counter is 1670
counter is 1671
counter is 1672
counter is 1673
counter is 1674
counter is 1675
counter is 1676
counter is 1677
counter is 1678
counter is 1679
counter is 1680
counter is 1681
counter is 1682
counter is 1683
counter is 1684
counter is 1685
counter is 1686
counter is 1687
counter is 1688
counter is 1689
counter is 1690
counter is 1691
counter is 1692
counter is 1693
counter is 1694
counter is 1695
counter is 1696
counter is 1697
counter is 1698
counter is 1699
counter is 1700
counter is 1701
counter is 1702
counter is 1703
counter is 1704
counter is 1705
counter is 1706
counter is 1707
counter is 1708
counter is 1709
counter is 1710
counter is 1711
counter is 1712
counter is 1713
counter is 1714
counter is 1715
counter is 1716
counter is 1717
counter is 1718
counter is 1719
counter is 1720
counter is 1721
counter is 1722
counter is 1723
counter is 1724
counter is 1725
counter is 1726
counter is 1727
